#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%Fixme: is this really necessary?
\DeclareRobustCommand\nobreakspace{\leavevmode\nobreak\ }
\end_preamble
\options UTF8
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language chinese-simplified
\language_package none
\inputencoding utf8-plain
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format html
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
date{}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Getting Started
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
C++ Program
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A function consists of four parts: a return type, the function name, a parameter
 list, and the function body.
 The first three parts are collectively referred to as the function prototype.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In Standard C++, main() returns a value of 0 by default if an explicit return
 statement is not provided.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The standard C++ header files, however, have no suffix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
the suffix for header files also varies among the different C++ implementations
 (this is one of the reasons that the standard C++ header files do not specify
 a file suffix).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The names in the C++ standard library are declared in a namespace called
 namespace std and are not visible in our program text file unless we explicitly
 make them visible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Preprocessor Directives
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We can define a preprocessor constant on the command line as we compile
 our program using the 
\series bold
-D
\series default
 option followed by the name of the preprocessor constant.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The preprocessor name 
\series bold
__cplusplus
\series default
 (two underscores) is automatically defined when compiling C++, so we can
 conditionally include code based on whether we are compiling C++.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The name __STDC__ is defined when compiling Standard C.
 Of course, __cplusplus and __STDC__ are never defined at the same time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
__LINE__ holds the current line number of the file being compiled.
 __FILE__ contains the name of the current file being compiled.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The C++ name of a C library header file is always the C name prefixed with
 the letter c and in which the .h file suffix has been dropped 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Word About Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Comment pairs do not nest 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
A First Look at Input/Output
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
endl, for example, inserts a newline character into the output stream and
 then flushes the output buffer.
 Rather than write
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
