#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%Fixme: is this really necessary?
\DeclareRobustCommand\nobreakspace{\leavevmode\nobreak\ }
\date{}
\end_preamble
\options UTF8
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language chinese-simplified
\language_package none
\inputencoding utf8-plain
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf4
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
The C++ Data Types
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reference Types
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A reference, sometimes referred to as an alias, serves as an alternative
 name for an object.
 A reference allows for the indirect manipulation of an object in a manner
 similar to the use of a pointer but without requiring use of pointer syntax.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A reference type is defined by following the type specifier with the address-of
 operator.
 A reference must be initialized.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All operations on the reference are actually applied to the object to which
 the reference refers, including the address-of operator.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Two primary differences between a reference and pointer are that
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
a reference must always refer to an object
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
the assignment of one reference with another changes the object being referenced
 and not the reference itself.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Enumeration Types
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A thing we cannot do is to iterate over the values using the enumerators
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Array Types
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
An array cannot be initialized with another array, nor can one array be
 assigned to another.
 Additionally, it is not permitted to declare an array of references.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
volatile Qualifier
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The essential purpose of the volatile qualifier is to notify the compiler
 that the object can change in ways undetectable by the compiler.
 The compiler, therefore, should not aggressively optimize code referring
 to the object.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
